README.md, before:

<div align="center">
  <a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/mbnpegpimodgjmlbfhkkdgbcfjmgpoad" target="_blank"><img alt="Logo" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/nikosdaridis/colorpal/main/icons/icon128.png" width="100" /></a>
</div>
<h1 align="center">
  ColorPal - Color Picker - Eyedropper
</h1>
<p align="center">
  A color tool to extract any pixel from the screen, pick any color from a palette and save favorite colors. <a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/mbnpegpimodgjmlbfhkkdgbcfjmgpoad" target="_blank"><br>
  Download</a> the chrome extension. Built with <a href="https://www.typescriptlang.org" target="_blank">TypeScript</a>, <a href="https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML" target="_blank">HTML</a> and <a href="https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS" target="_blank">CSS</a>
</p>
<h2 align="center">
Features
</h2>
<p align="center">
Eye dropper<br>
Color palette<br>
Save favorite colors<br>
Auto copy color code<br>
RGB, HEX, HSL, HSV color formats<br>
Move color position<br>
Delete selected color or all colors<br>
Light and Dark mode<br>
</p>
<div align="center">
<img width="300" alt="Screenshot 1" src=https://raw.githubusercontent.com/nikosdaridis/colorpal/main/images/Screenshot1.jpg>
<img width="300" alt="Screenshot 2" src=https://raw.githubusercontent.com/nikosdaridis/colorpal/main/images/Screenshot2.jpg>
<img width="300" alt="Screenshot 3" src=https://raw.githubusercontent.com/nikosdaridis/colorpal/main/images/Screenshot3.jpg>
</div>

## 🛠 Installation

1. Install dependencies

   ```sh
   npm install
   ```

2. Open with live server and start watch mode

   ```sh
   tsc --watch
   ```

## 🚀 Build For Production

1. Compile TypeScript to JavaScript for production

   ```sh
   tsc
   ```

Commit message:

tints and shades color tool

README.md, after:

<div align="center">
  <a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/mbnpegpimodgjmlbfhkkdgbcfjmgpoad" target="_blank"><img alt="Logo" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/nikosdaridis/colorpal/main/icons/icon128.png" width="100" /></a>
</div>
<h1 align="center">
  ColorPal - Color Picker - Eyedropper
</h1>
<p align="center">
  A color tool to extract any pixel from the screen, pick any color from a palette and save favorite colors. <a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/mbnpegpimodgjmlbfhkkdgbcfjmgpoad" target="_blank"><br>
  Download</a> the chrome extension. Built with <a href="https://www.typescriptlang.org" target="_blank">TypeScript</a>, <a href="https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML" target="_blank">HTML</a> and <a href="https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS" target="_blank">CSS</a>
</p>
<h2 align="center">
Features
</h2>
<p align="center">
Eye dropper<br>
Color palette<br>
Save favorite colors<br>
Auto copy color code<br>
RGB, HEX, HSL, HSV color formats<br>
Move color position<br>
Tints and Shades for selected color<br>
Delete selected color or all colors<br>
Light and Dark mode<br>
</p>
<div align="center">
<img width="300" alt="Screenshot 1" src=https://raw.githubusercontent.com/nikosdaridis/colorpal/main/images/Screenshot1.jpg>
<img width="300" alt="Screenshot 2" src=https://raw.githubusercontent.com/nikosdaridis/colorpal/main/images/Screenshot2.jpg>
<img width="300" alt="Screenshot 3" src=https://raw.githubusercontent.com/nikosdaridis/colorpal/main/images/Screenshot3.jpg>
</div>

## 🛠 Installation

1. Install dependencies

   ```sh
   npm install
   ```

2. Open with live server and start watch mode

   ```sh
   tsc --watch
   ```

## 🚀 Build For Production

1. Compile TypeScript to JavaScript

   ```sh
   npm run build
   ```
